For our backend we chose Firebase, which allowed us to easily implement real-time drawing functionality (The basis for our drawing function actually came from one of their examples https://github.com/firebase/ios-drawing but we tweaked it extensively) Our front-end was done on X-code in Objective-C which we understand is pretty standard for most iOS apps. 

The initial vision for the app was one in which a user registered and added other registered users to boards in which each user could update and receive updates to the board in real time. We realized near the end of our project that our backend (a Firebase project) was not easily compatible with synchronous querying of the database. In order to fulfill the users portion of the project we would've had to have written all of our files much differently to be compatible with the asynchronous nature of Firebase. 

Our workaround for this ended up producing a much cleaner design and interface that we were far happier with. Instead of having new users register, anybody who has the app can automatically access the board; all they need is the name of the board that they want to be able to edit. Instead of Google Docs for drawing, the app became a collaborative digital graffiti medium. A group of friends might agree to meet up on a board named "Aristotle" and all edit there. Conversely, a user can explore various boards that they think might have been written to already or draw to a board for a topic that has been big in the news recently (such as "CS50"). We can give you the code for the project that we had before we realized we had to switch if you'd like. 

Our front-end design includes three views, one start page and one page that contains the actual drawing functionality, and another page for changing the color that the user is using. The only information passed between views is the name of the board which we concatenate onto the firebase URL reference in order to access the correct board to be drawn to. The main view just gets a user input for the board name and scrubs it to make sure it’s able to be appended to a firebase URL. The sketch view is controlled by the sketch view controller which in turn has other contributing view controllers that implement the drawing function. 

Our back-end is all within https://groupsketch.firebaseio.com/boards/. Each time a new board is created, a new child is added to the boards component of Firebase and is written to in real time. 


